<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xml:lang="en-US">
  <head>
    <title>MGSA</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="mgsa.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="main.css"/>
    <meta name="viewport" content="initial-scale=1.0"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header>
      <h1>Mathematics Graduate Student Association</h1>
      <p>Welcome to the Mathematics Graduate Student Association (<abbr>MGSA</abbr>) website!</p>
    </header>
    <section>
      <h1><abbr>MGSA</abbr> Purpose</h1>
      <p>The <abbr>MGSA</abbr> is the organization representing Mathematics and <abbr title="Applied and Computational Mathematics and Statistics">ACMS</abbr> graduate students at Notre Dame.  The organization works to improve studying and working conditions for graduate students, encourages communication between students, faculty, and staff, and contributes to the student social life.  Additionally, the <abbr>MGSA</abbr> treasurer coordinates the Graduate Student Seminar (<abbr>GSS</abbr>).</p>
      <p>More information about the <abbr>MGSA</abbr> is available in its <a href="constitution.xhtml">constitution</a>.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <h1>Graduate Student Seminar</h1>
      <p>During the academic year, the <abbr>MGSA</abbr> holds a regular seminar of talks given by graduate students.  Find information about this seminar <a href="gss/">here</a>.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <h1>Officers</h1>
      <p>The following are the <abbr>MGSA</abbr> officers for the <time>2013</time>-<time>2014</time> academic year.</p>
      <dl>
	<dt>President</dt>
	<dd>Justin Hilyard</dd>
	<dt>Vice President</dt>
	<dd>Shant Mahserejian</dd>
	<dt>Secretary</dt>
	<dd>Gregory Cousins</dd>
	<dt>Treasurer</dt>
	<dd>Alexandar Diaz</dd>
      </dl>
    </section>
    <section>
      <h1>Members</h1>
      <p>The members of the <abbr>MGSA</abbr> are the graduate students in the Math and <abbr>ACMS</abbr> departments.  Please see the relevant pages on the <a href="https://math.nd.edu/people/graduate-students/graduate-directory-with-photos/">Math</a> and <a href="https://acms.nd.edu/people/graduate-students/"><abbr>ACMS</abbr></a> departmental websites.</p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <nav>
	<ul>
	  <li><a href="https://www.nd.edu/">University of Notre Dame</a></li>
	  <li><a href="https://science.nd.edu/">College of Science</a></li>
	  <li><a href="https://math.nd.edu/">Department of Mathematics</a></li>
	  <li><a href="https://acms.nd.edu/">Department of <abbr title="Applied and Computational Mathematics and Statistics">ACMS</abbr></a></li>
	</ul>
      </nav>
      <address>Please contact <a href="mailto:mike@haskels.org">Mike Haskel</a> for any matters regarding this website.</address>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>
